feat: add allowlist filter mode for rsn advanced config (#306)
pajlads/DinkPlugin: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Minor: Add allowlist mode for RSN-based notification filter under the Advanced category. Use this setting with caution. (#306)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minor: Add allowlist mode for Filtered RSNs under the Advanced category. Use this setting with caution. (#306)
```
